Update plan-cloud-voicemail.md (#3129)
MicrosoftDocs/OfficeDocs-SkypeForBusiness: Skype/SfbHybrid/hybrid/plan-cloud-voicemail.md

- An External Exchange Web Services (EWS) URL and Autodiscover must be set up or some Cloud Voicemail features will be limited.

> - If you have an on-premises only deployment&#x2014;that is, only Exchange and Skype for Business on-premises servers&#x2014;but you want to take advantage of Cloud Voicemail, please review licensing requirements for on-premise only enviornments [Set up Cloud Voicemail](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/set-up-phone-system-voicemail).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- If you have an on-premises only deployment&#x2014;that is, only Exchange and Skype for Business on-premises servers&#x2014;but you want to take advantage of Cloud Voicemail, please review the licensing requirements for on-premise only environments in [Set up Cloud Voicemail](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/microsoftteams/set-up-phone-system-voicemail).
```
